just you and
[Music]
me fresh Liquid Smoke they got that
derangement
syndrome I can see it clearly
now I took
the anti
Christos the anti
venom my eyes are
clear the stars are shining
near
hak Ro Med the goddess of death make
your
[Music]
portions and pluck your
strings I have the key of
death I have the key to
Hell give me quickly the Water of Life I
am that
drug the death
inducer Hallelujah toxicology phaad doya
Liquid Smoke keep it
moving lady Babylon Elder
Amazon blow your mind on Spanish Fly
shining bright stars in the sky consume
the theor the
Venom dragon's head you sexual Venus
[Music]
welcome back to Lady Babylon this is
initiating apocalypse
tonight it's been two years we're coming
up on two years
congregation and I
just want this to be right between us
you have been there this whole time you
have been
there I see you sitting there and I
think go
ahead
propose I have a proposal for you
tonight we are going to
talk about wedding
plans we're going to go to your voice
tonight lady congregation we're going to
your voice and let me tell you what
happen
happened one of
you reached out to me and whispered into
my
ear oh
God oh God what is this member speaking
what are they talking
about so far in our relationship
[Music]
our dates have been
great but now I want your
voice I want to bring your voice and
thank you so much thank you so much for
the
Whispers where have we
been tonight I'm going to do the most
difficult thing I have ever
done of all the conferences
of all the Dig
time of all the classical
beauty of the 35 years of classical text
that I have been
honored to be able to
access
this is
worse than anything I have ever had to
do
I want you to realize congregation how
much you mean to me and who you are I
want you to see who you are
tonight please my proposal to
you be with me that
investigator go back with me to the
sources now you know how it's
been it's been you and I back and forth
and I give it to you
tonight I want you to give it to
me the whisper in my
ear was about some
texts and these texts are
coming from between the second and the
fourth to the fifth anod
Domin I usually warn you my beloved and
and I tell you get your Splash bags we
don't need Splash bags tonight we need
vomit
receptacles we need vomit receptacles
don't worry the sacred investigation of
History cannot be
impeded right we are the
Servants of
reason we sing the blued Muse of History
tonight I need your help I'm going to
bring you some
texts and I'm going to be looking for
explanations what we have here is a
fellow
investigator from our Graduate School of
am andu has gone out and has found a
source we're going to consider that
source and what do we consider that
Source in in the the light of where we
have
come where have we come
congregation
we
together
uncovered trafficking and its
history its connections to
monism it's origin within the worship of
the one God
sex trafficking we
discovered that Abram is called in Greek
a sex
trafficker we realize that Jesus Christ
when he is arrested in public park with
a naked kid is saying I am not a sex
trafficker what you and I are uncovering
together at am andu is a mystery we are
doing it
together and we will continue
tonight but now I want your
voice let's start it off shall we get to
it that was a lot that was a lot and I
have a boy do I have a lot to give you
and I'm sorry I'm sorry that I'm so
somber but this proposal you know it's
makes me nervous makes me nervous yes it
does I'll admit to it let's get to it um
what do I want to do lovely I want to
give you some Greek right in your face
pull it up pull it up pull up the first
one chewy let's get to it people I want
you to look at this and this is the only
Greek I am going to give you tonight you
say and I say see it's why we need to
have a meeting we're at the
transdimensional authorities
headquarters
okay
Division division of child care is here
everybody here works for the great
mother everybody
here let's do this little bit of Greek
in your
[Music]
face little
[ __ ] right and people say did you draw
that of your subscript I did I
did what does this say it says we're
christing look at the second word
cronto do you know what I want to give
you tonight right right away at the
beginning of this most decent proposal I
want to Christ you I want to Christ you
do you know satanic congregation raise
up your voices if you know this is the
weapon
happen that will bring down
[Music]
manism you know the
Christ you know isn't it
gorgeous isn't it gorgeous
bringing the
reality through the
language is the song of
Salvation oh I love this I said you up
didn't I didn't I give me back that that
quote one more time where is this by the
way look for the
47 look for a rotten guy named
nonas what are you
Christ you
Christ your
cheeks
with the musty
poloy G soy what are you doing we are
applying
that thing that characterized the
bachant we're applying it to our face
Meads are always going to have that
base it's a base it's a drug base you're
putting it on your face and why because
the burning purple will be christed into
your
eyes this is the way are you ready to
follow it are you ready to follow it now
my dear you know I always enjoy
surprising you but I want to warn you
this is going to get rough we must
maintain
complete
scholarly
[Music]
rational
Just
Thoughts scholarly rational and just
that's what I would ask you to be my
dear I would ask you to be scholarly and
by that I just you know I don't mean you
know like you're wearing a hooa and you
got a hat square and all nothing like
that you know what I mean
baby all right let's get into
it are you ready for this chewy okay
here's number one put it up there I want
you to see we're going to the talmud the
specifically The Babylon and taled we're
talking about a period here in the
fifth that you really have some
information being absorbed by the
text fantastic give it to me give me the
next one chewy and remember um where did
we oh I'm so sorry where did we just
come from oh look at that I'm an orb am
I an orb of life I think I'm look I
don't feel like this
oh God where do we come from
people shut up it's the ti Fighters um
where do we come from we came from
infiltrating a
group of
lay through time we picked up Jesus
Christ right we picked up Abraham and
we're observing their activities we
ended up last time with purple fingers
Mary
by the
way the orb of magic says that that is a
character a character in what am a
character in
history a character in
history oh um excuse us for a
minute e
back we better be back people say send
him some equipment no Falcon runs
beautifully I thank you for staying now
how does this whole Adventure begin
remember we were talking to the
prostitute the temple
prostitute what is she she is
underage Temple
prostitute how many of these do we have
we have a lot of them we have a lot of
them that's who we're bringing out
tonight do I have a do I have a chorus
of these Furies do I have a chorus I
think there's a chorus of these mean ads
remember where are we going people we're
going into the worship of the T at the
Temple of
Jerusalem
Jerusalem okay
we're looking at the operation of the
mystery within the
lastic power
structure and where do we start out with
we have to get the
ghosts of these girls and boys these
girls and boys who are these girls and
boys let's give them a voice tonight do
you know who these girls and boys are
chewy these are
members these are members
members of monest religious
sex
yeah who are being
[Music]
trafficked these are the people who are
being
abused through
history we're looking at them squarely
in the first century face tonight and
you and I are going to go to some
sources and I need you to tell
me what the sources
show us of the
actuality what is the actuality of
antiquity you're going to step off the
space time ship tonight and you're gonna
be presented right away with the chorus
the chorus is the fury of those girls
and
boys now
remember when the choice comes down
between the girls and the boys it was
Jesus who SP specifically
said
Unix what about marriage
Unix
Unix are you ready are you ready now
it's always fun to pull a little
surprise on you let's look at some real
texts tonight my beloved congregation
give it to me Chewy this is going to
hurt people this is going to hurt I need
your input blow it up so this is raav
Papa and he objects to this opinion okay
on the contrary a woman whose typical
manner of intercourse is vaginal is
rendered liable for lying with an
animal only in that manner she is not
rendered liable for something else I.E
for engaging in anal intercourse with an
animal okay what have we done what have
you done I have brought you the most
culturally Rich text that I've ever
[Music]
seen on a
very very difficult subject what is Mary
the Mother of
God what is she as a Temple
prostitute do you remember how old
purple finger Mary
was when she started with the temple do
you remember she was
three is there a reason you say is there
a reason that she was three years old of
course there is there always is some
kind of reason for whatever they're
doing they're oh stop
stop okay sorry uh Chief Inspector sorry
just it gets to me it gets to me you
know the topic it gets to me it's rough
so historically these prostitutes start
out when they're three and they're given
as the text tells us the hand of the
Angels right that's how they follow the
way and you say why would you do that
because
someday some someday she is going to
walk the way with
others perhaps with
Herod
perhaps who did he say I think it was
Herod did somebody I think somebody said
Herod
right why do prophets lose their head
Mommy
because because
Timmy it's all about the dance let me
tell you Timmy mommy's gonna tell you
it's all all about the
dance don't you lose your heads let's go
to the next one this is difficult hang
in there with me let's be
completely completely I mean I want want
this to run this like some of those myth
courses R big classes University ah
everybody's asking ah what about
Aeros what are they asking me about
Aeros you know what the number one
question
is why is he a beautiful
boy give me the next one hit it they're
going to love it you love this baby you
love this sources where is this thing
from Sanhedrin 55A thank you very
much um with regard to a man who engages
in intercourse with an
animal now remember what is this what
kind of text are we looking at we're
talking about um texts that are cultural
legal right proper hygiene that kind of
thing right what people should do what
they shouldn't do
and what is it when somebody engages an
intercourse with an animal right um by
contrast since it is not in typical its
typical conduct to engage in intercourse
with a man he should be rendered
liable wait what um for engaging in
intercourse with it through each and
every orifice do you see the legal
technicality now breathe in this this
textual Source right Breathe It In
Breathe It In what are we talking about
a lot of this comes down to family law
to family
law but
remember the actuality of your existence
is what is on
trial not
your fairy
tale give me the next one give me the
next one what's going on here people um
whether in a typical manner for uh for
example anal intercourse and similarly a
woman who engages in intercourse with an
animal so we're talking about sexual
relations
anthropologically right isn't this
interesting look you're looking at a
group of people it's like we're walking
around and VIs
in Antiquity what do these people do
well they AR talking about anal
intercourse is a legal issue okay and
similarly a woman who engages in
intercourse with an animal whether in a
typical manner or an atypical manner is
liable by the way the minimum age for
the passive male is nine years and one
day Che we knock it off it's not that
it's not that
funny nine years of one day people ask
me what is
Aeros and I tell him didn't you
see he's a nine-year-old
boy you cannot Escape your
past you cannot Escape who you
are your
identity
must be confronted says
bacus and who follows bacus those mean
ads those mean ads did you see them did
you see those mean ads let's keep going
let's keep going with the let's keep
going with sources give me the next one
please people now I'm going to stop I'm
going to ask some comments here because
you've all seen the functioning of the
mystery you all know what the purple is
for you know what the christing is you
know that there's a sexual side to the
mystery now I'm going to show you in
these
related
documents exactly the detail even the
Greek and you say wait a minute these
documents are in Hebrew even the
Greek comes
out specifically are you ready for this
it's gorgeous it's gorgeous oh you
lovely lovely
Greek ancient Greek speakers love you
and shmuel holds it is written and you
shall not let these are you know who are
these people lawyers no they're rabbis
right who are acting as lawyers they're
trying to clarify
things right you want to know what the
history of law is uhhuh right well this
is a kind of a side br
right take a ride off the exit with
those Roman legal people jurists and
what we'll do is we'll see one of these
isolated
groups what's the group we're looking at
we're looking at
monists monest the theme tonight if I
were Mr Rogers and you were here a room
full of little children I would tell you
the the word for night for tonight
children
is
monest what is a
monest Satan Rogers a monest children is
somebody who says there is one
God can you hear the chorus of Temple
prostitutes now let me show you let me
show you their voices it's the voices of
monest child traffickers
are you ready for this give me this are
you
ready it is written you shall not lie
wait was that did we Skip One where's
the other one I I don't think we
finished that one do we oh it's right um
it is written you shall not lie with a
male as with a woman now what by the way
what are these people quoting these
rabbis what are they quoting the septu
agent right right okay and um they're
clarifying things that are found from
that
septuagenarian on it and what are they
how are they commenting they're talking
about
Haka the hoca of a male who engages in
Intercourse
passively is like that of a
woman what is he talking about he's
talking about helenic values helenic
understandings of
sexuality yeah right what language are
the
dudes right do you know what they're
borrowing
from they're building off the foundation
they're standing on they have
to that passive role of the aromos and
for everybody who's taking the Greek you
know how it works you have an Ares and
an
aromos you have the one who loves and
you have the one who receives the love
and the just love is given by the lover
to the receiver and the purpose of the
just love is to bring out the
beauty that's love
I have magical
texts from the same time as these
documents do you know what they are they
are love
spells for
Jehovah for
Hashem for the Lord of
Sabbath there are love spells between
erastes and Romano
those who are
beloved can you hear them tonight are
you ready give me give me the next
one here we
go
uh wait a minute what's that say the
just as the Intercourse of a w woman has
the halakic status right it's a legal
status of
intercourse right religious legal right
because remember we're talking about
legal not as is in the city state legal
that's a developed justice system we're
talking about traditional things things
that are enforced by crowds or mobs that
will Stone people to
death right remember what the Romans
said about Judea it's freaking
Lawless this is why you're looking at
those traditional laws that are coming
out so remember always respect the
context of an an document look what it's
saying um just as the Intercourse of a
woman has the halic status of
intercourse from when she is three years
old uh can you hit the next one I'm not
sure um this is one of my questions I'm
not sure I have to get okay let's read
some more legal stuff consequently in
schmo's opinion one who engages in
intercourse with a male who is older
than three is
liable
okay okay I know it's difficult I know
it's difficult to talk about this topic
legally Legally I think what we're into
is
some age of
consent
socio
spiritual legal
soup but I want to know my congregation
my beloved congregation I want to
know if you're seeing the same thing I
am as an
investigator as an
investigator the classicist In Me Is
horrified by that last
Clause absolutely horrified and if you
remember I told you Congregation of
Satan I told you I purposely sought out
at the beginning of my career all of the
deepest darkest stuff that I could
get you know what I studied closely the
drugs that are used for specific forms
of venial
disease God oh God
I partied at the Sati con with the rest
of them in the
work I'm telling
you this is the
lowest I have ever
gone put your Splash bags away and take
out your vomit
receptacles this is satanic initiation
give it to me give me the next one give
them the sources
take it right to him the gamar asks with
regard to what principle do raav and
shmoel disagree the gamar answers ra
holds that any hola that applies to one
who engages in Intercourse actively
applies to one who engages in
Intercourse
passively okay give um give me the next
one notice the cultural active passive
it's already set up it's a part of
society okay give me the next one
boom
oh yeah you got to blow it up and any
hola that does not apply to one who
engages in Intercourse actively does not
apply to one who engages intercourse
passively there's difference people
therefore just as one who engages in
Intercourse actively is not liable if he
is less than 9 years
old as the Intercourse of such a child
does not have the halakic status of
intercourse do you see we're
establishing we're establishing the
ritual
purity of sexual intercourse you say I
didn't know that sexual intercourse was
religious that's because you're a modern
that's because you're a
modern and perhaps
the husband of a pastor's
wife someone who's
unsatisfied I'm sorry I'm sorry I
shouldn't throw that in there be be on
the mark Alm and we need you tonight to
be on the mark people please help me I'm
going to take a break and ask for
questions in a second but give me give
me one more I want to look people where
are we going with all of this if a child
who is less than nine years old engages
in homosexual intercourse passively the
one who engages in intercourse with him
is not
liable wait
what wait a
minute are we talking Purity
laws what are we talking
here give me the next
[Music]
one the sage is taught with regard to
intercourse with a male the Torah does
not deem a younger boy to be like an
older boy but with regard to intercourse
with an animal the Torah does deem a
young animal to be like an old animal
now I'm just asking you
scientifically how does this reflect the
mystery call of the time how does this
reflect it we have definitions of
sexuality with these prophets and
there's a difference between animals and
people there's a difference what was the
difference chewy did you understand give
me that give me that I really need
somebody in the congregation tell me
what is the logic here I told you guys
I'm dummy right I just I read a lot of
Greek that's all I'm not the you know
the sage is taught okay with regard to
intercourse with a male remember these
are this is these are legal people these
are rabbis right these are people
setting the cultural standards very
specific the Torah does not deem a
younger boy to be like an older boy well
how's that with regard to intercourse
with an animal the tour
does okay all right let's see what um JY
scan for an answer scan for an answer
while I read the next one but with
regard to one who unwittingly oh God I'm
so lost I am so lost now my beloved
congregation I love you so much please
know that you're taking me as a very
stupid person right I can't keep up with
this I don't even know this is a simple
document I don't even know what's going
on blow it up chewy and let's let's see
if we can figure it out people help me
but with regard to one who unwittingly
engages an intercourse with a
male
unwittingly please satanic congregation
take it down for a second satanic
congregation has anybody out there has
any part of your brain my
beloved ever understood what
unwittingly engaging in intercourses
I've never
unwittingly engaged in Intercourse I
don't understand what's going on any of
these braining EGS have a solution do
any of them where is Hara
yeah she has been suppressed by stupid
men oh God that was the best comment
ever oh I love that that's right out of
your brain my beloved right what does
Hera do she's the guardian of that bed
we wouldn't even be here if we had
followed
her oh dial up oton and tellam is fired
by the gods these humans are nasty
ew and off goes
Pantheon ew
ew indeed take us back chewy take us
back what happens if I have sex with
somebody when I don't realize
it
oops come on people you you yeah you've
gotta I possibly chewy said is this lot
and his
daughters
right lot look Chey lot we know lot was
drugged right
we know lot was drugged was he
unwitting are we hitting are we hitting
the Mark here are we hitting what
happens this guy um and
then unwittingly causes a male to engage
in intercourse
with oh God what was in those
drinks right seriously where what is
this from ancient Las Vegas
I'm not taking you congregation I'm not
taking you to this dump I can't take you
to this dump right do you understand
we're we're going to Rome we're going to
do it right and who unwittingly engages
in intercourse with an animal now I'm
now I'm doing it with an
animal and I don't even realize
it please the translation is killing my
brain I don't know if the English the
the got person who translated that into
English you know what they were doing
they're like oh yeah oh yeah you know
what they were doing they had their
finger in your brain they had their
finger in their
brain oh God shame on you translator you
wicked wicked
[Music]
translator takes all the takes all the
joy out of this give me I don't know
unwitting with dudes maybe that was an
excuse you know hey it was
weekend in
the you know we ended
up doing some
things right do you know what the Romans
are doing at the
[Music]
time they're arresting people
they're arresting people in these
Cults Christians
Jews and what are they arresting them
for they're arresting them for doing
things sexually with family members they
didn't care about the goats they cared
about family
members that's where the
Roman drew the
line right
oh what's that familiar really what's
that familiar
really R Timmy I told you I told to
look get out of that
corner go back to your
room give it to
me with regard to the case of one who
was unwittingly sod was unwittingly
sodomized by male let's be serious here
and then
unwittingly was one with whom an animal
kind wait a
minute look I'm telling you I'm telling
within one laps now this one's throwing
me this one's throwing me people right
what is the lapse of one one lapse of
awarness it's like one night
right was I you know one event
maybe one lapse in
judgment right
oops there's sodomizing going
on what does the Anthropologist see in
all of this what does the Anthropologist
see that's what I want from you satanic
congregation I want you to see
what the Anthropologist
sees I don't want you to sing like the
Muse give me the next one give me the
next one I'm pouring it out I'm pouring
it out similarly with regard to one who
unwittingly engages in intercourse with
an animal if you didn't realize it I
remember this doesn't apply to you if
you knew it if you were like I'm going
out where you going
tonight backyard
if you meant to no but if you
didn't which can
happen and then unwittingly causes an
animal
wait
[Music]
what okay stop it okay stop it there's
too much unwitting intercourse there's
too much stuff going on um let's just
have one law that says nasty stuff don't
happen give me next one I want you to
see
finally the temple prostitute in her
True Glory this is Mary Mother of God
and this is the language that is
communicating to
you who she is give me the next one that
was tramatic no a girl right just so you
know because who do we work for
ultimately the freaking
Library the freaking
Library you and I are here in Alexandria
congratulations we all made
it what does this text say this is
mishna nit
five a girl who is three years and one
day old whose father arranged her betral
is betrothed through intercourse
as the halakic status of intercourse
with her is that of intercourse in all
halakic
senses this is a cultural law that has
to
do with the lasti
preparation of the child
prostitute go ahead what is that you
want
to this is a
response that that the examination of
this material gets it is
so raw
anthropologically that this is the kind
of response now I clipped this person's
name off because I didn't think that
they would want to have their name on
this right it's somebody says raised as
modern Orthodox you don't know that
could be some trucker ride who's
with calling your Seminary students at
11 o'clock at night sending them photos
right something like that no so you
never can't trust so identity shity what
is the sentiment in the comment this or
the discussion is actually about a legal
issue and not as people trying to
claim naughty related to pedophilia it's
about the legal age for
betral that's what it's about it's all
about that
betral why are they specifying the ages
for actual intercourse no it's pretty
straight up um this is the same response
you get from monis when you tell them
Jesus Christ was arrested in a public
park with a naked boy it's the same kind
of response that you get there nothing
going
on nothing going on oh no
no nothing going on but he's
naked you know what Jesus did he farted
glory and out came the kid from the
cemetery right they'll come up with
anything this is betral you know what we
hold people to the standard of the
museum your documents are our documents
and our
yours welcome to the library give me the
next one give me the next one a girl who
is three years old and one day uh and
one day whose father arranged for a
betral was betr through intercourse is
the holoc
Holi status of intercourse with her okay
okay and in a case where the childless
husband of a girl three years wait give
me the next one and in the and in a case
again takes brains figure this stuff out
and in a case where the childless
husband childless husband of a girl
three years and one day old dies so if
my I get it if my wife is
three and I
die one of my ra
relatives is
obliged take her as his
wife okay if his brother the yam that's
what you are if your brother's died and
yours got to step up and produce family
for him right if his brother the yam
engages in intercourse with her he
acquires her why does he acquire her
because these are lace
days
right we're traffickers bro what what
did you think what did you think why did
you think Jesus is screaming I'm not one
of
them okay what does the rest of that say
if his brother yaham engages intercourse
with her he acquires her as his wife and
if she is married a man other than her
husband is liable for engaging in
intercourse with
her right give me the next
one if the girl is less than that age oh
God
no
no no I'm telling you 35 years of
ancient Greek I have never been this low
never why because the Greeks followed
the great mother bro this is Way Beyond
this is Way Beyond there's no child
protection
here right this level of
control is something that you only see
in Cults that are meant to give you the
voice of God and not just any God but
the one the
one I'm
sorry look at her look at how sad you've
made this girl now she's got to go marry
some
person I'm telling
you remember the Watchers they know all
that stuff they've watched
it you should be Watchers too give me
the next one give me here it is if the
girl is less than that age oh God
younger than three years old right one
day the status of intercourse with her
is not that of intercourse in all halic
senses
rather why are we even talking about
this okay are you ready are you ready
it's like play placing a finger in your
eye you know your eye constricts you
shed
tears and then it returns to its
original state do you know the image
they're talking about poking a finger
into your eye and what happens when you
God it get SW constricts and it starts
weeping weeping this
material do you know what they're
talking
about so and a girl younger than three
years oh
God the
Hyman The Hyman what the Heyman
what Justus as in that case the I
constrict shed tears and then returns to
the original state so too and the
younger girl then three years and one
day old the Hyman returns to its
original state now stop right there
that's how you know
stylistically
and um
topically how to date and place this
thing geographically because let me tell
you something I have read dozens and
dozens and dozens of medical works it's
fair to say
thousands right
thousands yeah and people say how do you
read somebody go check out CMG bro right
and never in a medical work would you
see this right Greco Roman medical work
no
right they know their Anatomy inside and
out and they
know Hyman doesn't grow back
bro it's not Magic regeneration
bro do you see why they're saying of
Judea that it is the toilet of antiquity
do you see why they're saying
that the level of sophistication
technologically is in the
toilet there are no
libraries there are no
libraries there are no libraries you and
I are out in the
desert in a cave with some
dudes copying Greek into Hebrew and
talking about the end of the
world that
tradition developed into the tradition
you're reading tonight that's where the
source is
from do you see the power of
monism to shape we're going to watch it
shape that
child what are you doing with
Mary give me the next
one christing you thought you were gonna
you thought you were always going to
stick with a Christ thing didn't you
give it to me this stuff is starting to
in the case of a boy nine years and one
day old whose brother had died
childless who engaged in intercourse
with his yev that's his brother's
surviving wife his brother's widow the
status of the Intercourse is that of hak
intercourse right this is
sanctioned
right right
so if you're nine in one
day and
Jerry's in an
accident
you may have
to do his
wife okay would
this
appear anywhere in the classical
literature outside this
context would this appear outside that
context yeah it would it would now
you're getting into the area of the
practices of the mystery this is the
same stuff Nero is doing when he takes
that kid and turns him into his
bride
okay do you
understand why why we are driving
out the
Lacey the Lacey half to be stopped say
the Romans post
Caesar right post
JC these Pirates and the
trafficking this stuff has got to
stop you think of it as some kind of
mercanti War it wasn't it was a
religious
form of
combat yeah yeah why
why
because we years ago imported the great
mother yeah we don't abide we don't
abide
this one cult facing another one
imperial cult
looking into the eyes of the monest
Cults and saying
no that was Lady Rome by the way one of
you figured out the sacred name one of
you experienced and figured out the
sacred name taking a path a very careful
beautiful path path of the Muse
[Music]
gorgeous the mystery
is what we are tracking the mystery give
me the next one give me the next one I'm
going to give you a couple more of these
chewy there we are in the case of a boy
nine years old one day whose brother
right he okay so this kid has had
intercourse with his yev his brother's
widow the status of the Intercourse is
cool everything's fine and he and she
becomes his wife he acquires her how'
she likees to get acquired by a
nine-year-old
right yeah right every woman in history
size and we all hear it at the same time
right imagine how many women from
Antiquity in this region during these
thing practices got acquired by a
nine-year-old can you hear their voices
right now that must really I don't know
maybe there's an
advantage right maybe there's an
advantage what do you do how do you set
your mind for that you're like well I
guess I have to reset things
for
kid okay don't we put people in jail for
that now I think I just saw that right I
think I just saw that where did AOS go
right he was in that high school was
that counselor right and they put her in
jail right they put her in jail do you
know that looks normal now after looking
at these texts that looks kind of normal
to me kind of normal yeah yeah cuz we're
talking about 9-year-old boys and
three-year-old
girls in the context of
intercourse somewhere along the way
somewhere along the way the
priests have to be
stopped but he cannot give her you know
Bill a divorce yeah you can't get
divorced you know get take it down for a
second people I want you to realize I
want you to real realiz that the things
that I have shown you through these
texts draw a picture that is not
attractive of ancient monest
Cults I want you to please appreciate
the fact that you and I are sitting
on
scads of voices of very eloquent
writers from Antiquity who told us um
this is bad
this kind of thing is bad do you know
what's happening culturally in the
second and third those monists are
getting
arrested for
taking children off the streets to
engage them in Acts that are
unmentionable acts that are
unmentionable it is Roman authorities
who are policing it
origin panics and cuts his testicles
off which basically gave him immunity
what a goofball what a goofball how old
how old are we here people what's the
age of victim that we're talking about
because that's how you and I are GNA
view them this chorus of
victims what are they really victims
of
acquisition they are bought do you know
where the temple prostitutes Revenge
comes
from it comes from her
purchase it comes from her purchase and
she's back she's back to reclaim her
soul purple fingers Mary is
back show them a little bit more that we
have chewy show them a little bit more
people this is the hardest thing I've
ever done but I'm I'm going to go ahead
and finish the flight give it to me give
it to me and if he engages in
beastiality he disqualifies the animal
oh from being sacrificed I thought this
was
interesting so you can't sacrifice an
animal it's not acceptable to your God
who's like
kill his blood is not acceptable to you
because you've been having intercourse
horse with him so don't sacrifice excuse
me is this a
commonality is everybody here doing this
why are we making
laws disqualified that poor that gets my
goat man that gets my goat it really
does you can only hide you can only hide
yeah are we back holy mackerel that one
went right through the deflectors that
one went right through the deflectors
Penelope bring her back Penelope you
caused an
earthquake um you can only hide behind
the cross the sin for so long see that's
the funny thing the Redemptive blood of
Christ
covers
covers it doesn't
absolve it doesn't break the spell of
your crimes your crimes still exist you
just can't see them you just can't see
them but there they are love you
Penelope go give me the next one give me
the next one quick let's do this there's
too many Tie fighters on his people and
if he engages and Beast the okay that's
the next one next one a ripening fig why
did I give a ripening fig represents the
days of her young woman okay when she
reaches 12 years okay well here's a
specificity when she reaches 12 in one
day what happens they have people lined
up at you know at 12 years old or
something midnight it's the last time at
12 And1 day and has developed oh no it
doesn't say that it doesn't say that no
it
doesn't yeah I think I'll just let you
read that because you know what I'm
getting a little nauseous I wanted you
to notice from this text 12 years 12
years that's the standard that we're
talking about right 12 12 year olds dude
give me the next one give me the next
one that's old I guess cuz you know you
got your with regard to a girl who is 11
years and one day old her vows are
examined to ascertain whether she's
aware of the meaning of her vow in whose
name she vowed once she is 12 years in
one day and has grown two pubic hairs
which is a sign of adulthood even
without examination her vows are in
effect
what are we talking about we're talking
about the examination of a 12-year-old
girl to determine if she has one or two
pubic
hairs this is a normal day normal day
right this is just is this medicine
sounds like it's getting medic no it's
not unfortunately it's not okay do you
hear monism where monism goes do you
hear what it has you doing after all she
is property
she is
property right do you think the Roman
matron Livia would have would have put
up with an
examination that was meant to pair her
with some
neob no she would have killed
you that stuff you you you don't
understand the level of contempt that
the Romans have for these operations
what it culminated in was a war to make
it
stop to make it stop and the Romans did
that and looted them so that they could
never do the nasty
again and when I say the nasty I mean
the sale of
humanity for the sake sake of sexual
gratification give me the next one give
me the next one where did those Romans
line up that's what I want to know give
it once she has reached her majority
that's 12 her father no longer has
Authority look at that Liberation he can
no longer nullify your vows and he does
not have a claim to Lost objects found
by her and her earnings belong to
her do you
understand Temple prostitutes can't be
pimped do you understand that this is
not a simple pimping operation that
purple fingers Mary is involved
in right what's the product the product
is the
prophet and you want to know how did he
spell that how did he spell
that the product is the prophit yeah it
to me oh wait uh yeah that was that one
quick let's go through these quick what
are the signs I want to get out of here
just as quickly as possible what are the
signs that indicate grown Womanhood
Rabbi yose says grown Womanhood begins
from when her breast grows efficiently
that a fold appears below the breast
Rabbi AKA says it begins from when the
breast sag Ben aai says it begins from
when the Ariel blah blah
blah wait a minute what is going on are
these
doctors what are they assessing I'm
serious when I ask that
question because they are talking as if
there is a
medical
use of their
law as if they are medical authorities
the Romans would say what what are you
doing do you understand why this doesn't
work in the Roman marketplace these are
not MediCal authorities do you know what
the midw to they shut this kind of stuff
down it's men do you notice it's men
judging the age of intercourse and why
and when you can and if you do with an
infant when is it
halakic when is it
acceptable do you see the structure the
structure of the
lastic piracy trafficking
is not
feminine there is no protective mother
when you take Gods down to
Singularity you have to
choose you g to pick
mommy they didn't pick
mommy monism gravitates towards
Daddy okay okay I think I I see where
purple finger Mary is going give it to
me give me the next one Rabbi yose says
it begins with the breast okay here's
another I just okay can we
please um look go to your doctors right
that's you don't want somebody who's
having visions treating you physically
right a girl 12 years and one day old
who grew two pubic cares is classified
as young woman okay six months later she
becomes a grown woman well that was fast
that was fast you get two pubic cares
and all of a sudden the race is off then
you get six-month girls and guess
what you can be auctioned off to a dude
like purple fingers
Mary that's okay purple fingers Mary got
a Revenge got a Revenge didn't make
Jesus all that
[Music]
happy why of you talking about isn't it
gorgeous the actuality is way more
interesting than the myth that people
make up along the way right the fairy
tale you thought it was a fairy tale no
it's about her this is about
her yeah it's about her you know what's
funny one of the Watchers told me this
the other night he said you've got to
remember the principle they always
project what exactly what they are you
have a whole whole movement of humans
who are talking about protecting
children and those people prop up
monism and all the
creeps all of the Creeps the inter
Galactic
transdimensional
creeps who take advantage of the great
Mother's
daughters yeah yeah this is this is
intolerable this is intolerable is it
intolerable who's who's out there do we
just say who cares who cares any of you
s members of satanic congregation not
care you're welcome to step outside and
watch it happen but um we're not going
to do that on our watch right we're not
going to do that on our watch look at
the hypocrisy it's gorgeous give me the
next one um if the lower sign of puberty
two pubes appeared in a young woman
before the upper sign development of the
breast appeared then she is an adult
right look at the
specificity look at
specificity okay what is this if you had
a
manual of child trafficking for the sake
of sexual gratification this is the kind
of stuff you'd be
writing right it's the reason Jesus
Christ is yelling I am not one of them
who's them
traffickers yeah give it to me Robin
didn't care they were like here you make
the decision and the crowd was like oh
that dude is terrible kill him give it
to
me what did the sages say it is possible
for the lower sign of Purity to appear
before the upper sign appears but is
impossible for the upper sign to appear
before the lower sign what is this this
is the religious law
of the counting of the pubic
cares how much do we sell those for I
guarantee you she doesn't have any yet
those are the kinds of things that you
say when you're
selling
Humanity right read some of it read some
of it look at the thrs look at what
they're doing to
kids okay look at what they're doing
give me the next one are there oh okay
look people sometimes there are holes
this just the words of the stages baby
this is from Mission and nit a six and
there are holes that enable exi of
liquids from the earth andwar you
remember just like the finger in the eye
is like what you're doing with a
three-year-old remember you poke poke
yourself in the eye but it's G to get
swollen but don't worry the
three-year-old's body is going to react
the exact same way way these are
geniuses that we're dealing
[Music]
with
contempt can you taste the contempt that
the Roman West has for this
province oh my
God
right you know why pilate was was so
frustrated with these because these
little these are the types of cultural
laws that he's having to deal with oh my
God wait what happens do not enable
entry of liquids from the outside I
don't want to know never mind never mind
people I don't want to know um enalos
give me some good news encos enalos then
went and raised balum oh finally
somebody's doing some Pagan [ __ ] from
the grave through necromancy yeah yeah
uncl you go get him you know why bet
he's not out there but he's not out
there with a
three-year-old I bet he's not out there
looking at pubes
either good job encos do your necromancy
we're almost done give you the next
right encos said to him he's talking to
somebody I don't know what is the
punishment of that man a euphemism for
balam himself in the next word and balam
said to he is cooked and boiling semen
as he caused Israel to engage what kind
of things did he caus them to engage in
what is stuff that we know is going on
in the culture that is producing laws
that have to do with intercourse fored
with three-year-olds what does he say
he's cooked in boiling
semen as he caused Israel to engage in
Lous Behavior oh with the daughters of
Moab right it's not necessarily the
activity that we're concerned about it
is the fact that you went
outside of the Pirates Guild you went
outside our club baby you're going to
work with the Enemy me this is Bloods
and Crips bro where's my sword I'm going
to chase around Isaac where'd he go you
know what God's telling me Isaac he's
telling me to cut you up into
pieces where's my wallet give me the
next one uncos then went and raised
Jesus oh God now he's my best friend now
I love this text there's something
redeeming right every text doesn't
matter sometimes you're in a classical
text and you're like o oh I don't like
this and you'll find some kind of Little
Gym and you'll be like oh God such
beauty buried in such a rough exterior
makes me
wanna what what is he saying uncos then
went and raised Jesus the nazarine oh
yeah he's raising Jesus get up here
Jesus from the grave why do they put
through necromancy there that's obvious
bro how else is he doing unless he's
like out digging up his corpse
anilo said to him who is most important
in that world where you are now and
Jesus said to him the Jewish
people
okay Jesus said to him again he is
punished what happens with Jesus he gets
ends up getting punished what with like
balum with boiling
excrement anyone who mocks the words of
the sages will be sentenced to Boiling
excr
do you see what's
happening Jesus is in the PO of
excrement for a reason chewy did we find
did we find any pictures look he's got
pudding pops right people that's what
this is don't be weird man he's got
Jello pudding pops Bill Cosby gave them
to
him right right and um he's boiling yeah
you know he's making a big one give me
the next one give me the next one oh God
Jesus said to him he's punished in
boiling excr no this sentence we're
gonna okay listen when I was going over
these passages and it was I was
extremely disturbed because I said look
I've got to find some kind of you know
somebody out there some kind of brain
person has to give me some insight that
this is not real I do not want this
world to exist I told you all my beloved
congregation I told you Mary
was a temple prostitute from 3 to
12 I told you that and I know it didn't
reach people you didn't actually see her
as a reality it's my job to bring her
forward and in doing so I have to say
what are other people saying look even
the comments on the stuff nitty and 54
not a comment but a commentary they
explain it to be exactly what it reads
as a girl three years old and one day
old can and one day can be betrothed
through relations and if a yam is
intimate with her he has performed an
effective
yium with the
three-year-old note now this is strange
and I think
this
belies a recognition of guilt on the
part of the people doing what this text
says they're doing because what do they
put in parentheses note this is not
discussing the advisability of such an
act you know what happens when the
lawyers come out and say we are not
sanctioning this action do not do this
at
home right you know why they do that
because what they've suggested is so
heinous so dangerous so Criminal
one can be
liable for adultery because of her this
three-year-old and she can convey ritual
and Purity to one who is intimate with
her so that the lower mattress on which
he sits is ritually impure like the
upper mattresses if married to a Cohan
what is a
Cohan that's a
priest if she gets married to a priest
she may eat truma
you know what truma is Delicacies for
the
God your
religions your
monism are the
result of
profiteering child trafficers
give me the next one chewy give me the
next one we have to end this we have to
end this younger than this age relations
are like putting a finger in the eye oh
God please stop it please stop it if a
boy N9 years old one day old is intimate
with his yav he performs an effective
yam but he is unable to okay okay give
me the next one we know that right we
know that we know the people now a girl
who was three years and one day old
whose father arranged for a betral
through intercourse as a h status
remember this is somebody explaining
this
right okay three years one day and how
is all of this consummated how is all of
this brought together by intercourse
give me the last one give me the last
one um
yeah what we have done tonight is
dredged up
the evidence of the monest trail of
Destruction through the
Western River of
History
monism this hymn that you were looking
at this is the last of a couple slides
that I've got this hymn is a hymn to my
bro auton who came along and said Amon
and his seven are no good I'm going to
take over and you know what happens tell
me what happens monism is born when
somebody brags to you about monism they
usually do it against the background of
oh aren't we better than those people in
Antiquity like the those Heathen Pagan
Romans they'll tell you monism is
old God is is the original do you know
before that God they're talking about a
monism that came out what much earlier
Egyptian monism comes on the scene a
full thousand
years
before and what do the people do after
one generation they destroy it they
destroy it and scrub the freaking
destroy the sculpture and put everything
associated with those freaks and pull
out everything that was good and
polytheistic and just that we had
before right America wasn't founded on
Christian values it was founded on
classical
wisdom give me the hymn let's look at
the hymn beautifully you appear on the
horizon of Heaven oh living aen who
initiates life this is for all of you
who either are special or born again for
you are risen from the Eastern Horizon
and have filled every land with your
beauty for although you are far away
your Ray are upon the Earth and you are
perceived oh so God without another
beside him you create the Earth
according to your wish being alone every
word of atenism applies to the worship
of yaho and the worship of
Jesus Son of Mary Purp
[Music]
fingers give me the next one what does
this produce for us no not that one this
one what does it end up producing it
ends up producing this literally from
history this is what auton did this one
God this is what he
did take a
look they destroyed everything that had
anything to do with
it why
because they didn't take their overthrow
lightly they spoke with voices give me
the next one last one here it is tonight
oh God I'm sort of glad it's over I'm
sort of glad it's over right um just so
you don't think the mystery is seen in
Judaism and Christianity is any
different from the mystery is seen in
Islam remember it was narrated from Abu
Umama that the messenger of Allah
said what did he say there is no one
whom Allah will admit to Paradise but
Allah will marry him to 72 wives two
from Uris in 70 from his inheritance
from the people of hell all of whom will
have desirable front
passages and he will have a male member
that never becomes
flaccid do you know what
is Muslim
heaven it is a
Seder it is a Sader with
72 beautiful
passages and a
christing welcome to the darkness
welcome to the
darkness
welcome what we did
tonight was rip off the
scales so that you can continue to see
the reality I want to say thank you
congregation for reaching out to me with
your voice and whispering in my ear what
about this yeah I want to thank you for
that I want to thank you for the last
almost two years chewy almost two
years I want to thank you for being
patient with
me I want to thank you for giving the
value that you do to the
study of this
language I want to thank you for
following me following Jesus following a
naked boy
thank you for coming
tonight this is my
proposal hail SAT but the derangement
syndrome has them hooding the kids as
you
know for you die
too I'm fashion
gibit
crucify the child rapist on the cross
throwing Christians to the
Lions throwing all the
pedopiles off the
bridge fish
food have a nice
swim for your derangement
syndrome this is the
[Music]
prescription re like
Indica puffing the death
Bubba black water freshy